Add tuya webrtc support (#1379)
AlexxIT/go2rtc: README.md

Supports [Amazon Kinesis Video Streams](https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/video-streams/), using WebRTC protocol. You need to specify signalling WebSocket URL with all credentials in query params, `client_id` and `ice_servers` list in [JSON format](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCIceServer).

**tuya**

Supports [Tuya IPC cameras](https://developer.tuya.com/en/docs/iot/webrtc?id=Kacsd4x2hl0se), using WebRTC protocol. To enable, you need to specify following in query parameters:
- `format`          Set to `tuya` to use Tuya
- `client_id`       Tuya Cloud Project Access ID/Client ID
- `client_secret`   Tuya Cloud Project Access Secret/Client Secret

> - `uid`             Tuya linked app UID (referet to [Tuya Procedure step 3](https://developer.tuya.com/en/docs/iot/webrtc?id=Kacsd4x2hl0se#title-4-Prerequisites) for more info)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `uid`             Tuya linked app UID (refer to the [Tuya Procedure step 3](https://developer.tuya.com/en/docs/iot/webrtc?id=Kacsd4x2hl0se#title-4-Prerequisites) for more info)
```

> - `device_id`       Tuya device ID (you can retreive if from Cloud Project devices page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `device_id`       Tuya device ID (you can retrieve it from the Tuya Cloud Project Devices page)
```

> URL should be `https://openapi.tuyaeu.com` or other one ([see Tuya docs](https://developer.tuya.com/en/docs/iot/api-request?id=Ka4a8uuo1j4t4#title-1-Endpoints)) depending on your region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL should be `https://openapi.tuyaeu.com` or another one ([see Tuya docs](https://developer.tuya.com/en/docs/iot/api-request?id=Ka4a8uuo1j4t4#title-1-Endpoints)) depending on your region.
```
